What's the last lie you told?
What was the most embarrassing thing you've ever done on a date?
Have you ever accidentally hit something (or someone!) with your car?
Name someone you've pretended to like but actually couldn't stand
What's your most bizarre nickname?
What's been your most physically painful experience?
What bridges are you glad that you burned?
What's the craziest thing you've done on public transportation?
What's the most inappropriate time you've ever laughed?
What's your best pickup line?
What's your sleaziest pickup line?
What's the weirdest place you've ever given or gotten someone's number?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever lied about?
Have you ever said, "I love you" and not really meant it? To whom?
What's your least favorite memory from high school?
What's the worst present someone has ever given you?
When's the last time you shared a toothbrush with someone else?
Have you ever had a crush on a boss or teacher?
What's the worst present you've ever given someone else?
What's the weirdest thought you've had sitting on a toilet?
What song do you sing most in the shower?
Do you have a work spouse?
What's the cruelest thing you've ever done or said to a romantic partner?
Who's the person you most regret hooking up with?
What's something you're embarrassed that you're good at?
What was your most humbling moment
Who would you bring with you on a deserted island?
What's the worst decision one of the other players has ever made?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did?
What's the most ridiculous thing you have an emotional attachment to?
Have you ever pooped your pants as an adult?
What's something you've done that you'd judge someone else for doing?
What's something weird you do in your sleep?
How long have you had your oldest pair of underwear?
Who's your hero?
What's something you know you need to do but aren't looking forward to at all?
What's the biggest secret you've kept from your parents?
What's the most offensive joke you've found funny?
What are you most proud of in your life?
When's the last time you lurked an ex on social media?
Would you ever get a prenup?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?
What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What was your funniest first date ever?
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?
What is your weirdest habit?
How many kids would you like to have?
What is the perfect first day?
What is one embarrassing fact I should know about you?
What was your childhood nickname?
What is your favourite movie?
Describe your worst date ever?
If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
What is your favourite food?
What are your three favourite colours, and why?
What is your dream job?
If you were trapped on an island for 3 days, what would you take with you?
Who is your favourite person and why?
Do you prefer apple or android?
How do you put your toilet paper on the roll?
What is your best talent?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in love at all?
What is your dream wedding?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
How do you feel about end pieces of a loaf of bread?
Can you touch your tongue to your nose?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is the most exotic food that you have ever eaten?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
What do you daydream about the most?
Describe the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Can you lick your elbow?
Is the dress Black and Blue or Gold and White?
How do you feel about social media?
What is your favourite season of the year?
Could you go a week without junk food?
How was your first kiss?
Describe your worst kiss ever?
Do you like to exercise?
Have you ever blacked out from drinking too much?
Did you smoke or drink before college? Or did you start when you got here?
What is the craziest thing that you have ever done while drunk?
What is the funniest dream that you have ever had?
Who is your best looking teacher that you have ever had?
Have you ever cheated on any test?
Who is your crush at school?
Who is the most annoying person you know?
Have you ever pulled a prank on your teacher?
Have you ever lied to your parents about what you were doing after school?
Have you ever blamed something that you have done on one of your siblings?
What college do you plan on going to?
Are you still a virgin?
How many boyfriends (or girlfriends) have you had?
Have you ever been kissed yet? If so, who was your best kiss?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is the best vacation you've ever been on?
Have you ever told one of your best friend's secrets, even if you said you wouldn't?
Have you ever had a crush on someone that your best friend has dated?
What is the most annoying thing that one of your siblings has done?
Do you have a job? If so, what is your favourite thing about it?
If you were a billionaire, what would you spend your time doing?
What is the longest time you have ever been grounded?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without your cell phone?
What is the most expensive thing you own?
If you had the choice to live on your own right now, would you do it?
Can you see yourself being married to the creepiest kid a your school someday?
Would you ever get on a dating website?
Have you ever watched an adult film without your parents knowing?
If you could own your own business one day, what would it be?
What is your favourite kind of clothing?
What celebrity are you obsessed with?
What is the funniest youtube video you have ever seen?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had, why?
What is your favourite sports team?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
How long have you gone without showering?
What color is your underwear?
What is your special talent?
Exchange shirts with the person next to you
What's your ex-girlfriend/boyfriend name?
What is the most embarrassing moment of your life?
What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What was your childhood nickname?
Describe something about your date?
What is something you have stolen?
Say 5 bad habits you have?
Tell 5 secrets of yours?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Wrap yourself up in toilet paper and take a picture.
Have you ever peed in the swimming pool?
If you could marry one teacher in the school, who would you pick and why?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
What he craziest thing that you have ever done without your parents knowing?
What would you do if your parents left the house to you for a whole week?
What is your favourite song that is out right now?
Could you go two months without talking to your friends?